Gwenllian, Gwenllian
We hear your heartbeat in tune with mother's
You get your strength by listening to the pulse
It gives you strength to battle for your life
To defend your children and the people that love you
We hear your cry, we give you strength
To stand up straight and hold your sword and shield
We stand behind you with our strength
We hear the beat of mother earth together
We will fight on if not today it will the story last
The story will survive your life until you've all your strength
We hear your voice upon the wind all day
It gives us strength to just remember you
And over the years as memories fade
Mother earth will remind us of your strength
It will go on and on and on for a long time
We'll stand together with your memory in mind
We will remember of your strength and listen to mother earth as she gives us strength
It will go on and on and on and on
It will go on and on and on
We hear your heartbeat flying in the wind
We feel your heartbeat underneath our feet
It will go on, it will go on and on
It will go on and on and on
On and on and on and on